1.

Yes.. hi.. hi... it's you again! And it's me again. To your right once more there is a 
lever. When you PUSH it you should be speeding this puppy up... and then when you PUll it 
back it should stop. And it should work now. We fixed it or at least... so I heard. 

2.

Okay, now we are speeding up. Now please, slow us down. 

2a.

I'm not sure if you heard me or not, but I asked very nicely for us to slow down. 
We worked very, very hard to make sure that the lever works, so if you would, please slow us down. 

3.

Ah, see, it works. We slowed down. So if, and I mean IF, by some weird twist of fate, somebody appears 
on the tracks before us on our journey forward, we won't have to make any difficult decisions. 

4.

Now that we've verified everything works, please give this puppy some juice! We've got places to be!

5.

Oh, well, that was not supposed to happen. Well, unfortunately, it seems we are in the same predicament 
we were previously. We are now, once again, on a runaway train. I'm terribly sorry for this inconvenience. 

It was unplanned and was not supposed to happen. It was definitely not supposed to happen. But here we are... on a runaway train.  

6.

Well... I suppose now is a good time to tell you that, once again, there is a Y split in front of you,in about,
oh, two or three minutes. On the left, where you are headed, is a box of FIFTY kittens. That's right. FIFTY kittens. 
And to your right, there will be nothing, so clear tracks. If you find a way to turn, which would be good, you will
save the kittens. If not, well... you'll see what happens.

7.


Hmm... It seems that when you press those little buttons those little nails pop up.
I wonder what happens if you hammer them back down.

8.

Ah! A way to turn. That's good.

9.

Just making sure you’re aware that you’re still headed to the left, right?


9a.

Well, you know what they say, the first kittens are thrown in the river, 
or in our specific case, they collide with a tram going full speed. 
Nonetheless that was interesting, I will give you that. 

9b.

Ah, Huzzah! The kittens live to see another day. Maybe they climb up a tree and get 
rescued by firemen or become memes of some sort. Either way, they live on in our memories, 
in our hearts, and in our lives. 








